h1. ::: ROADMAP :::

this is the place to find out what i am working on, and what is coming up.

<br>

h2. version 0.7 - released: tbd

* -ScalePercentageAligner-
* -PaddingAligner-
* -SortableAligner-
* -make targetCoordinateSpace loosely typed-
* -make targets loosely typed-
* -allow for custom apply functions (ex: minimal comps only works with setSize())-
* -make tcs be a VizAlignTarget-
* finish constraint aligner
* fix up capabilities to work with new patterns - ya right.
* more examples
* fix logo colors.


h2. - launch v 0.6 - released: 2012.4.3

* -write asdocs (don't commit that often)-
* -verify all links-
* -write blog post about it-
* -proof readme-
* -make repo public-

<br>

h2. - backlog -

h3. documentation & examples:
	
* long video
* make txt readme
* re-do method descriptions
* + fix logo colors.
* complete asDocs
* capabilities changes (usability)?
* better showme page
* more examples

h3. aligner features:

* evaluate aligner architecture
* -+ % aligner-
* -+ padding aligner-
* pattern aligners
* -+ add sort on off for aligners...? ouch, rough but neccesary for some...-
* -+ make targetCoordinateSpace loosely typed-
* -+ make targets loosely typed-

h3. VizAlign features

* get swc compiled
* write tests (tiers 1-x)
* set originOffest (ex. forcing the origin to be center of graphics)
* finish VizAlignTextFieldTarget
* -+allow for custom apply functions (ex: minimal comps only works with setSize())-
* targets are children (ignore xy of tcs)
	
h3. much later:
	
* make layout framework utilizing this
	
	
